README.md, before:

# vue-cordova-webpack

> A full-featured Webpack setup with hot-reload, lint-on-save, unit testing & css extraction.

## Documentation

- [For this template](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack): common questions specific to this template are answered and each part is described in greater detail
- [For Vue 2.0](http://vuejs.org/guide/): general information about how to work with Vue, not specific to this template
- [For Onsen UI](https://onsen.io/v2/guide/): complete guide about how to get started with Onsen UI
- [For Monaca CLI](https://docs.monaca.io/en/monaca_cli/samples/vue_onsen/): a step-to-step guide about how to use this template with Monaca CLI

## Usage

This is a project template for [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli). **It is recommended to use npm 3+ for a more efficient dependency tree.**

``` bash
$ npm install -g vue-cli
$ vue init OnsenUI/vue-cordova-webpack my-project
$ cd my-project
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
```

If port 8080 is already in use on your machine, then you must change the port number in `/config/index.js`. Otherwise `npm run dev` will fail.

## What's Included

- `npm run dev`: first-in-class development experience.
  - Webpack + `vue-loader` for single file Vue components.
  - State preserving hot-reload
  - State preserving compilation error overlay
  - Lint-on-save with ESLint
  - Source maps

- `npm run build`: Production ready build.
  - JavaScript minified with [UglifyJS](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2).
  - HTML minified with [html-minifier](https://github.com/kangax/html-minifier).
  - CSS across all components extracted into a single file and minified with [cssnano](https://github.com/ben-eb/cssnano).
  - Static assets compiled with version hashes for efficient long-term caching, and an auto-generated production `index.html` with proper URLs to these generated assets.
  - Use `npm run build --report`to build with bundle size analytics.

- `npm run unit`: Unit tests run in Google Chrome headless with [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/0.13/index.html) + [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/) + [karma-webpack](https://github.com/webpack/karma-webpack).
  - Supports ES2015+ in test files.
  - Supports all webpack loaders.
  - Easy mock injection.

- `npm run e2e`: End-to-end tests with [Nightwatch](http://nightwatchjs.org/).
  - Run tests in multiple browsers in parallel.
  - Works with one command out of the box:
    - Selenium and chromedriver dependencies automatically handled.
    - Automatically spawns the Selenium server.

### Fork It And Make Your Own

You can fork this repo to create your own boilerplate, and use it with `vue-cli`:

``` bash
vue init username/repo my-project
```

Commit message:

We now have port-detection, so README should reflect that.

README.md, after:

# vue-cordova-webpack

> A full-featured Webpack setup with hot-reload, lint-on-save, unit testing & css extraction.

## Documentation

- [For this template](http://vuejs-templates.github.io/webpack): common questions specific to this template are answered and each part is described in greater detail
- [For Vue 2.0](http://vuejs.org/guide/): general information about how to work with Vue, not specific to this template
- [For Onsen UI](https://onsen.io/v2/guide/): complete guide about how to get started with Onsen UI
- [For Monaca CLI](https://docs.monaca.io/en/monaca_cli/samples/vue_onsen/): a step-to-step guide about how to use this template with Monaca CLI

## Usage

This is a project template for [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli). **It is recommended to use npm 3+ for a more efficient dependency tree.**

``` bash
$ npm install -g vue-cli
$ vue init OnsenUI/vue-cordova-webpack my-project
$ cd my-project
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
```

The development server will run on port 8080 by default. If that port is already in use on your machine, the next free port will be used.

## What's Included

- `npm run dev`: first-in-class development experience.
  - Webpack + `vue-loader` for single file Vue components.
  - State preserving hot-reload
  - State preserving compilation error overlay
  - Lint-on-save with ESLint
  - Source maps

- `npm run build`: Production ready build.
  - JavaScript minified with [UglifyJS](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2).
  - HTML minified with [html-minifier](https://github.com/kangax/html-minifier).
  - CSS across all components extracted into a single file and minified with [cssnano](https://github.com/ben-eb/cssnano).
  - Static assets compiled with version hashes for efficient long-term caching, and an auto-generated production `index.html` with proper URLs to these generated assets.
  - Use `npm run build --report`to build with bundle size analytics.

- `npm run unit`: Unit tests run in Google Chrome headless with [Karma](http://karma-runner.github.io/0.13/index.html) + [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/) + [karma-webpack](https://github.com/webpack/karma-webpack).
  - Supports ES2015+ in test files.
  - Supports all webpack loaders.
  - Easy mock injection.

- `npm run e2e`: End-to-end tests with [Nightwatch](http://nightwatchjs.org/).
  - Run tests in multiple browsers in parallel.
  - Works with one command out of the box:
    - Selenium and chromedriver dependencies automatically handled.
    - Automatically spawns the Selenium server.

### Fork It And Make Your Own

You can fork this repo to create your own boilerplate, and use it with `vue-cli`:

``` bash
vue init username/repo my-project
```
